why would somebody want this for examp
especially in this like questioning your
core beliefs about how you engage with
the world who you are what you are what
the world is I can tell you a lot of
reasons you wouldn't want it you know
like you're not going to be right
there's going to be nothing to defend
it's definitely destabilizing for some
people for a short period of time why
you want it is because it's a tremendous
amount of
Freedom one of the exercises in our
workshops is question the Assumption and
you could say that this is an exercise
you could also say it's a lifestyle you
could also say it's kind of a
personality type there are just people
who do that as that's just who they are
and and it's also really really
impactful it seems really simple but it
you can go infinitely deep with it and
there's a lot of different things that
it can mean to do that it can be really
annoying really abrasive and it can also
be really really uh revealing and yeah
uh might we even say
enlightening so I would I'd love to do
an episode on the topic of questioning
the
Assumption that's that sounds fantastic
because it is it's in many of our
courses that I different exercises
around it it's really important piece
yeah that sounds good yeah great well
let's let's start with what is it what
is what do we mean by questioning the
Assumption yeah so in any statement that
we make any problem statement that we
make um I'm slammed right now I I I
don't have enough
money I'm not
enlightened there are there are some
assumptions in there that usually aren't
questioned we we usually do is we go and
try to solve the problem that's been
announced instead of actually question
the problem
itself and so well are you enlightened
are you not enlightened is there a you
that gets enlightened is is like is that
how it works is Enlightenment something
that you achieve or is Enlightenment
something that just
happens how would you know if you were
enlightened there's all sorts of
assumptions to the
question of or the problem of I I'm not
I'm not enlightened or I'm slammed or
anything like that and so question the
assumption is a way to see through our
problems
and in the scene through of the problem
sometimes they fall apart and sometimes
they're just easier to
solve and so that's what it is at its
most basic it's its most basic form and
its more complex forms or you know if
you're working on you know the head
heart and gut and you're working on the
head in
particular being able to see through
your thoughts is a really important
piece to not like have them so solid and
to be able to see that all all thoughts
have some truth and all thoughts don't
have truth and so on a secondary level
it is the
inquiry um that that is one of the
practices that will help somebody get to
a place of Awakening or more freedom or
less
self-abuse and
so and so that's also what it is you
know there's lots of forms of inquiry
out there in the and in you know there's
vicar which is like the what am I that
the Hindu did There's Byron Katy you
know the four questions there's you know
the Socratic method there's all sorts of
inquiry forms and question the
assumption is is a way to congeal a lot
of those different forms of inquiry yeah
I can't help but notice that you went
straight to the like ephemeral like the
the enlightenment the esoteric here and
I'm also curious for people to get
grounded a little bit in you know like
this this is something that comes up in
business all the time we're like oh wait
are we asking the right question what's
the actual problem statement here um
there's a million books written on out
of the box thinking which is sort of a
similar like a like a nephew to
questioning the
Assumption yes and yeah the reason yeah
and and how you manage people instead of
saying here's how to do it it's here's
how to do it and what am I missing
there's so many places where it applies
in so many places but if you're doing it
the way that we're talking about doing
it
for pretty soon you're going to get to a
place where you're like what what the
[__] do I believe if everything can be
questioned and that's can be
disconcerting yeah so but I agree with
you it's practical and all those ways
but it isn't the the reason I say it is
there is a distinction between the way
it's used in business which is really
really useful and problem solving which
is really really useful and when it's
used for self- inquiry yeah
yeah yeah and so what what makes it so
important for self-inquiry in
particular yeah um so if you are
continually believing your thoughts then
there's really your identity just sticks
in place and it's very hard so one of
the ways is like you hear it all the
time and I think in Buddhist reference
comparative thought comparative mind is
is causes a lot of pain which you can
also see in the stoics which is this
like comparative thought comparative
thought is just a set of thoughts that
you can question the Assumption on right
and wrong thoughts that can create a lot
of pain at times can shoulds can all be
seen through with question your
assumption so to be able to see through
that also and and it's core is seen
through your identity a little bit at
each time MH because most of us identify
with the thoughts that we're thinking
yeah yeah so it's a way it's a way of
exploring the like identity the
projections the thoughts the
worldview and when you question it you
can then try on different worldviews and
find the one that works works the best
you're always going to be in one in
something there's there's generally
going to be some some assumption
somewhere you trade off one assumption
for a different assumption but the idea
here is is what I'm hearing is that you
try different ones and they also they
also become more transparent when you
are actively switching them and you can
see them and you can see that like you
can see the the lens you're looking
through and so that creates a way in
which they dissolve they just become
less real less personal yeah yeah so why
why would somebody want this for examp
especially in this like questioning your
core beliefs about how you engage with
the world who you are what you are what
the world is what what would make that
tell you helpful and not just a
stabilizing I can tell you a lot of
reason you wouldn't want it you know
you're not going to be right uh there's
going to be nothing to defend there's
um yeah there's it's definitely
destabilizing for some people for a
short period of time
um
uh also like the the like I literally I
think we've spoken about this once but I
remember working with somebody where we
saw through a lot of this and they had a
hard time like going to the grocery
store and deciding what to buy you know
like it can because they're what's
happening here like I don't even know
that like even that is questioning
and so those are all the things that can
be uncomfortable about it most of them
very fleeting um why you want it is
because it's a tremendous amount of
Freedom there to not have to defend your
thoughts to not have to defend yourself
to be able to see
through the things that cause you pain
to be able to
um shift your
worldview um and see the truth and
different perspectives makes it so that
your relationships are usually a lot
better um so there's just a lot of
benefits but mostly it's just the
freedom you know if you're not
constrained by this is what is true this
is what is right this is what is wrong
not to say that there isn't there's in a
weird way it right and wrong becomes
even
more like even
more like it's more commanding is the
way I would say it but the idea of right
and wrong goes away which is a very
strange thing um so yeah so so those are
all the reasons you'd want there's just
a tremendous amount of freedom in it and
and really good for problem solving like
if you can if you like if someone can
say you're totally full of [__] and
you're like yes here's exactly how boom
boom boom boom and here's what I see
boom boom boom boom and what do you see
like it's so easy to problem solve when
you're not when your thinking is
flexible yeah and one one thing that I
that I observe when people are
questioning the assumption is a lot of
times there are certain assumptions that
we're ready to see and we're ready to
question other ones that we just not and
you can see this where a lot of times
people would take on the identity of
like oh I am a questioner of the
assumptions I I'm not going to take what
you know Society tells me I'm not going
to take what the government tells me I'm
not going take what
YouTubers and I'm just going to take on
a different like and that's just natural
I think when we start to actually
question our assumptions there's certain
sacred cows that we're just not going to
even see that we're not looking at and
so we can kind of go on a a journey
of uh you know questioning questioning
things that are low hanging fruit that
seem like seem like they're getting us
somewhere but they're actually getting
us deeper into a particular worldview
and I'm curious for for your experience
in working with this Tool uh over over
the course of your life what what did
you wrestle with and how did you wrestle
with it on that Journey towards like
finding a finding the deeper assumptions
to question and the sincerity to
question the ones that are the most
scary yeah that's a great question well
um so I would say
the for for my journey I kind of avoided
questioning the Assumption in a bit in a
weird weird way because I saw a lot of
people who were like naturally
questioning the Assumption it was like
it was just them trying to prove
themselves right right so it just felt
like there was a lot
of really why is that like it was
lawyering it was it was it was there was
like debate to be right you know that
kind of stuff so it didn't appeal for a
while then there was a Socratic
questioning yeah exactly exactly it was
a they were skeptical and it was their
questioning was a form of their
skepticism so which is definitely not
what we're talking about when we're
talking questioning the Assumption and
then I questioned as you were said like
a like a questioning assumption because
I'm not this or I'm not that and but
that was really just me rebelling
against the authority figure that was my
dad and so and you see that a lot with
like even people who say they're
contrarian investors it's like really so
tell me about your Rebellion against
your father who was an authority like
it's almost always there um so so that
contrarian
is it it's it's also I and I discovered
it's where I found the tool but I
discovered the way that I was using it
at that time was very much still in
being controlled by the system because I
was rebelling against something so I
couldn't see the truth in the the thing
itself it was just to find the other way
that there was more right you know it
wasn't actually seen the truth in both
sides and the and the lack of Truth in
both sides so so then it just in my
journey it just it slowed down a bit and
and I started to question my assumptions
at one time I literally just I think it
was like a week and a half I just
questioned everything I just questioned
every assumption like and everything
ended up to be this is and isn't and it
it made me a little crazy to be honest
with you it was definitely like what
what who like it felt like the ground
got ripped out from underneath me I
didn't know what like how do I make a
[__] decision from this place if
there's no clear right and wrong and
what the [__] going on and and that
was really destabilizing for me for a
little bit and but I did it really
hardcore just like I was merciless for
like this we questioning everything and
um and then over time as that integrated
what happened
was the more that I saw through I could
see different perspectives the more I
saw through every
perspective the more it became Crystal
Clear what I was supposed to be
doing um and there's this phrase that I
only learned recently and it's a Tibetan
Buddhist phrase and it says um mind is
wide as the sky action is fine as barley
flour which is very fine meaning
basically your mind the way I take it
anyway is that your mind can see
everything can see all the perspectives
and it's it's as wide as the sky it's
vast there is no
truth or there's no right and wrong on
that
level
but the rest of your system it is
incredibly painful to act in a way that
is not kind not compassionate not the
the what what we might call right the
right action so it's not a morality of a
thought process it's not a morality
you're bad you're good it's like oh for
me to judge you means I have to close my
heart to close my heart
hurts I'm not closing my heart I'm not
judging you and so and in that there's
only one action for me to do is keep my
heart open I can't do anything else and
so it's what was interesting is that as
the thoughts dissipated as I couldn't
believe them anymore as they fell apart
and I could see through them the reality
of what was painful the reality of a
Consciousness that didn't serve me
became so apparent because I couldn't be
distracted with a thought saying this is
right or that's wrong or this person's
right and that's and it just became all
of a sudden my my behavior became far
far more
moral but not moral like a sense of
morality moral is in like it is painful
to take to to move away from myself to
to leave my Center to do something like
lie
or um you close my heart or be self
self- serving in a way that didn't
consider other people doesn't mean I
still can't act out of ignorance that's
something different but but still so so
it it's it's a very strange thing and
and the and so that's what I meant
earlier when I said on one level right
and wrong is completely gone in the head
but the action is very clearly just it's
very fine because you have no choice but
to act in a way that is that is that is
compassionate
okay so that's that's sort of answering
already the kind of next question that I
have which is a question that I guess I
had but I still want to dig into a
little bit more which is how how would
somebody make decisions if they're
questioning every assumption and they're
just in this constant freef fall and
then that kind of just branches off into
the the sub question of like how do you
know that you are actually questioning
the assumptions and not just taking on
an un an unquestioned identity of I'm
the one with no thoughts I believe in
good or bad I'm just going to chill here
and I I I would presume that a litma
test for that is are you taking clear
and precise
action because if you're not if you find
yourself uh if you find yourself uhuh go
ahead please yeah I I imagine that one
one of the concerns of just questioning
the Assumption going all the way
hardcore mode would be that no action
would be taken and it also seems like
that would be one of the side effects of
not really doing it all the
way yeah I I it's a great question I
don't know if it's a step process like
if there's just this necessary time of
like I have no idea I know that a lot of
the people that we teach will have
moments that they have I no idea how to
act anymore it doesn't usually last more
than a couple weeks
and and even though they don't know how
to act they are acting so there's
there's still [__] happening they there
their brain can't make sense of it
because the brain didn't make the
decision so there's it's a very
interesting piece so I think there is a
step where seems like that's required or
at least natural for most people so I
can say that it's a what's a great
question is how do you know if you're
doing it um I would say the way that you
know that you're doing it while you're
doing it is that it gets
uncomfortable like the the assumptions
that are the most important to question
are the ones that you hold most dear and
to question them is is uncomfortable so
there's so there's a moments of
discomfort there's a moments of
embracing intensity that come with this
practice if you're not doing that then
it's not
actually and the other thing that
happens is if the other way to know that
it's actually happening is if someone
like attacks your ideas and you get
defensive is like that's a that's an
idea you haven't seen through so that
defensiveness is another really good
lpness test of like because you need to
be right you're you're valuing
correctness yeah I would imagine also
aggressiveness in you like to the extent
that you're aggressive even if you're
questioning an
assumption but doing it with force uh
right yeah then there probably something
you're defending there probably an
assumption in your world yeah it might
be necessary to do that for a bit but
yes generally like it it's e more and
more joyful and heart opening even if
it's scary even if it's oh [__] what if
this is true oh [__] what is this oh
[__] this this could make my whole world
fall apart I think there's another
livess test in there too which is really
such a great question you asked um that
there's going to be a couple moments
where you're like I don't know if I'm
going to be able to relate to anybody
anymore you're going to have those
moments I don't know anybody who's
really deeply questioned their
assumptions and not thought to
themselves oh I might not be able to
like I might be going too far out there
and I might lose people I love Yeah I
think that's an experience that a lot of
people have just in life as they as they
grow up in a different world and their
parents grew up in and they go out there
and live a different life there's
there's a way that that kind of fear
just comes up I think for anybody unless
you are like the most strictly adhering
to the ideology that grew up in and
somehow live in a piece of the world
that stayed the same enough that
actually that works somewhat for somehow
you didn't come into contact with
something that breaks that so I think
that's a that's kind of a universal
Human Experience of yeah like I've had
these experiences whatever they are in
my life and now how do I relate will I
be able to relate to yeah to home to
where I came from from my Origins from
my friends my family yeah my political
party up and that will come up because
you're questioning all that stuff so I
don't think you're right I I think it's
like all squares or ruses but all ruses
aren't squares meaning that like if
that's happening it doesn't mean you're
questioning the assumption but if you're
questioning the assumption that is
happening yeah from time to time
um so I think those are the good lipus
tests for it that that feels right to
add a piece right there it sounds like
life experience leads us to question of
something but we can do it more
explicitly if we choose to we can make
it a practice yeah yeah that's right
that's beautifully said yeah I mean I I
really to see through all of my thoughts
and and when I was doing it originally
was a see through the painful thoughts
you know the shs and the and the
self-abuse and stuff like that and
that's something else that's like
something else that happens is it like
you get to see through through those
thoughts as well but eventually I was
like looking to see through everything
yeah yeah if you see through the
comforting thoughts yeah I I've found
personally that when I see through the
comforting
assumptions I see that they actually
weren't that comforting at all there was
some Fe there was some that they were
actually held in place they were holding
holding some other emotion at Bay so I
had had the assumption that I'm safe on
some level like you know kids have this
assumption at some point where they're
like oh we all live forever of course
cuz it would hurt to imagine mommy and
daddy dying and then eventually life
experience comes us brings us into
contact with mortality and we're like oh
boy there's a whole layer of
assumptions whole like depth of
assumptions to uh to explore there and
to whatever extent we do we do uncover
those really uncomfortable emotions that
are also very
freeing very freeing exactly because it
like there's some freedom in saying oh
I'm never going to die there's more
freedom and absolutely I'm going to die
in that and I can't believe any thought
around that that causes
constriction oh yeah that that's gon to
happen
like yeah all these memories are gonna
be poof you know whatever it is I'm
doing in the world
will fade away or transform without my
control yeah and not none of it will be
remembered eventually there's so much
free freedom and relief in that you know
and I remember when those thoughts were
scary
yeah so we talked a little bit earlier
about how there there'd be no right and
wrong here and one thing I know from
working with people directly is that
people often have a tendency to really
really really be attached to their
notion that there is a right or wrong or
that there's a morality this seems
almost religious to even talk about I
mean it literally is religious if we're
talking about in the context of religion
but without that context even there's so
so how without just kind of casually
dropping that bomb earlier in the
episode not going deeper into it uh what
yeah what else can we say here about
how how how right and wrong play into
the question the Assumption concept yeah
I think I I I I wish I don't know if
this is for sure I'd have to research it
so maybe we can research and put in the
show notes but there's there is some
thought process of like the more empathe
IC somebody becomes the less their sense
of right and wrong like locks into place
I think I think that the right and wrong
thing is very religious
because like somebody is partially
because their identity is attached to it
right like so no it's really wrong what
that person did to me because they need
to be identified as that or it's really
right and wrong because my religion and
I'm very identified in the religion so
that's why I think it becomes really
important and and and I'm not it's
interesting I'm not particularly saying
that there's
no wrong or evil in the world um so to
speak um meaning that there's actions
that pull us away from ourselves in
other words pull us away from God that
we would call you know potentially sin
but we could just call it like pain and
suffering because it pulls us away and
and the more that that happens I'd say
the more you could categorize that as
wrong
wrong however when you start judging
wrong or right when it's a thought
process in which you're judging wrong
and right and this is wrong and that is
right that a there's not a tremendous
amount of freedom in it B it's binary
thinking so it shows that it's fear C
you're not actually understanding all
sides of the argument so you're you're
maintaining ignorance on purpose at that
point if you can if you can see through
it so that there all of that's happening
and it doesn't actually help you be more
compassionate right so it doesn't even
matter what
religion you're looking at there's like
we'll use Christianity for instance like
how many times is Jesus considered wrong
in in the New Testament it's like
endless time like he hung out with
hookers like you know like he did all
these things that he wasn't he like you
know was hanging around lepers and he
shouldn't have been hanging around Le
like it's like so much stuff that he did
that people got upset with because it
was wrong and so there is really no
religious figure that isn't Gandhi
Martin Luther King a lot of people said
wrong that's not right that's wrong
right
so so it's it's seen through it seen
through like the idea of it so that you
can get to the truth of it I would say
is the best way to describe it you're
you're seeing through the idea of right
and wrong so you can get in contact with
M the like the truth which is leaving
love leaving
yourself on some level creates a
tremendous amount of pain for yourself
and others in the world and the more
that we do that the more likely is going
to be something that's painful and the
more likely it is people are going to
call it wrong yeah I like the framing of
maintaining
ignorance CU in in whatever in whatever
framework or worldview I'm in if I see
something that I'm about to do as wrong
and that's where I stop looking then I
also stop learning if I see something
and I can see all the way through my my
judgment of it as wrong but I can
actually
see what might happen if I do it and how
it would feel and the consequences of it
and the Nuance there then it it's not
wrong it's just this consequence and the
way that it feels and I don't want to do
that and I understand more deeply and I
learn more quickly
what I want and what I don't
want yeah and how I and the other thing
is and the yes and the other thing is
the healing process meaning like let's
say something horrific
happened horrific happened to you you
got
raped in your healing process there's
some way that you're going to have to
give up on the fact that the person who
raped you was
wrong like when I see people heal from
Deep trauma deep pain
they they have to they go through a
process of not holding the other like we
call it
forgiveness like you know you have to
forgive to get to your freedom that's
like one way to say it but basically
what you have to do is you have to stop
making them this
monster you have to open your heart to
them you have like and it's really hard
to open your heart to something that
your mind at least says is wrong you can
say yeah it was totally not okay for
that to happen to me it's totally not
okay for that person to do it for me but
you can't see them as wrong and still
heal yeah and so that the sense of right
and wrong prevents a lot of healing
prevents a lot of healing in this world
yeah yeah I could say that
healing a lot of healing happens from
seeing in a in the deepest perspective
what was actually happening and to move
into just sort of like the childhood
trauma type thing where once we see like
oh yeah my my parents were scared and
that's like their their fear came out in
a certain way and it felt like attack to
me and I took it to me and I was wrong
or that the world was dangerous or
whatever yeah then seeing seeing through
it and just seeing the entire situation
for what it was
both relieves us of any self-judgment we
have relieves us of Judgment of the
other and also gives us a deeper
perspective to avoid those uh outcomes
again because we can see them coming
from a mile away or if we see something
coming and we can't even avoid it like
we're actively being mugged on a street
in Panama yeah
then we can at least be in that
moment seeing it
clearly without making ourselves or
others wrong and take the action we need
to
take yeah there's this um the other
thing that the right and wrong the other
way to say it is like you know they talk
about like when atrocities have been
done by people like in Hitler or ppot or
any of that kind of stuff it's like they
made the other the others the the people
that they're oppressing they made them
into others you know they're like
they're not humans they're not people
they're the beginning of that is they're
wrong the first step of that is they're
wrong right you you have to think that
they're wrong to hate them I mean you
can see this in our political divide in
our country right now right all everyone
you know it's the first first step of
dehumanization it doesn't mean that just
to be really clear that doesn't mean
what this happening is totally not okay
and I'm even to the point of I'm going
to fight to stop that great not saying
not to do that I'm just saying you can
do it with an open heart and you can do
it without making the other uh an animal
or taking steps to make them less than
you yeah and
to to kind of double click there on the
open heart which is a deeply embodied
experience like fighting with an open
heart without making the person you're
fighting
wrong yeah
there's there's something that that does
in our beliefs and our Concepts and our
strategies but there's also something
that really does in the body and I want
to get a little bit more into what the
question the Assumption practice does
with our connection to our bodies with
our embodiment yeah yeah so like I was
saying
before why uh mind is white as the
sky barley you know the action as f as
barley pow it what's happening is that
you're you're aware of the pain your
body becomes a a big part of the
morality so to speak of right and
wrong the like the the action that you
have to take because there's no other
choice cuz everything else is painful
it's painful because you're aware of
your body also it just the more you see
through your thoughts the more you're in
your body by Nature like you just can't
like like you can't trust those things
so you can't like live in your head you
got to also they're trustworthy in
certain ways there's some ways that
they're [__] fantastic and you love
them and they're it's not like they be
get thrown out they just get they just
get seen through is uh I guess the way I
would say it is like they're not the
operating system they're the like
Windows layer you know what I mean and
yeah so you're just like oh that's not
the computer that's just windows so so
it's the same thing and that and that
just lands you in your body
naturally yeah yeah we've talked about
this before but a thought you can see a
thought as a form of management it if
you really pay
attention every thought you have is
comes from the management of a an
emotional or physical
state most yeah
definitely at least most yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah so what does this
then what does this how does this affect
the the voice in the head in general we
we've talked about this a little bit so
far here but I just want to kind of Zone
in on that piece for a moment since we
totally just takes the power right out
of it just takes the power right out of
the negative negative reoccurring voice
in the head
the reason I said most is because
there's like these Epiphany thoughts
that happen there's like the spontaneous
firsttime thoughts that sometimes are
management but sometimes are just like
whoa check that out or oh wow look at
that or epiphanies I would not put them
in the category of always being in
control of trying to control or manage
but all the reoccurring ones I would say
for sure are and that's what starts
dying when you see through your thoughts
yeah those reoccuring managing ones
you're just like nonsense nonsense
nonsense I don't know like checking in
with that myself and anytime I've had an
epiphany it's been a
completely like non-conceptual physical
experience the moment before it became
described before so it's almost even a
way that like the thought that is that I
would call The Epiphany is actually the
the result of the Epiphany and my
tendency to want to make sense of it and
then communicate it or do something with
it but it happens very very quickly yeah
on that level absolutely yeah I see what
you're saying yeah
cool yeah so lastly just uh since we
talked about the body and the voice in
the head I just want to talk about
identity what what can somebody who is
really deepening into this practice of
question the Assumption
expect yeah we touched on it a bit we
touched on it a bit and I yeah it's just
that a lot of us identify ourselves with
our thoughts and in and when you stop
when you start seen through all your
thoughts you also see through the sense
of self in fact one can say that the
sense of self is a thought there like
the most basic thought is there's an eye
I am this I think this that's just a
thought like really there's an
ie like prove
it it's an incredibly hard if you really
look into it it's incredibly hard thing
to prove and and it's like so per
example of this would be Oh I thought
that there was I thought that there was
some thoughts that weren't managing
right and uh well who had that thought
exactly like was I think did I say I'm
gonna have this thought and then I had
the thought or did the thought just
appear and I noticed it so is it me who
had the thought or was like I was
receiving the thought what was noticing
it exactly exactly was was awareness the
thing and then I claimed awareness as me
you know so you can and that in that if
you really go into that question if you
really go into the question what am I
which is the core thought to just that
that when you see through that the
identity shifts when you see the truth
of the question what am I which doesn't
particularly have an answer you just
have to sit in the question then all of
a sudden I would say the question
dissolves in a way the identity totally
flips at that point and you the identity
stops being personal becomes
Universal that is of course assuming you
want your identity to
shift and that you have any idea what's
going to happen when it does and that
that's you want or
or yeah or I I would also question the
assumption that you would have a choice
to make that a question if that question
didn't like already like turn you on and
flip a switch in you and I remember when
that question came to me when I was
introduced to that question I asked that
question like 10 10 15 times a day for
[__] seven years or something I asked
that question and like it took no
discipline it wasn't like working out it
wasn't like you know drinking enough
water okay I got to drink enough water
that thing just happened and so was it
me who even had the question in the
first you know it wasn't even the
discipline there was yeah and that was
part of the scene of it when when that
question dissolved I was like oh it
wasn't even
me asking the question it was more it
felt more like the question was asking
me the question was like I am fascinated
with
Joe so to speak
any awesome
yeah feels like a good stopping point
thank you Joe thank you man all right
yeah talk to you later yeah and thank
you everybody else please if you enjoyed
this episode share it
around like us rate US uh we love love
seeing reviews uh we've been getting
some good ones lately and they make my
heart sing every time so uh nice you
know almost
every have a sadness about
it and that's okay we have a YouTube
channel now too Brett yes we do it's
happening yeah yeah if you're listening
to this on your phone or something on
your podcast player you can watch us now
on YouTube you can watch us and there's
all s of teaching videos and rapid fire
coachings happening there so check it
out all right okay thanks ciao bye